force clk 0 0ns ,1 50ns  -r 100ns

#1 reset 
force reset 	1
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#2  MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#3 IRU¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	1
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#4 MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#5 IRL¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	1
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#6 Load the Accumulator
force reset 	0
force loadac 	1
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns


#2  MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#3 IRU¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	1
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#4 MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#5 IRL¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	1
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#6 Load the Accumulator
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	1
force fetch	0
force store_mem 1
run 200ns


#2  MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#3 IRU¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	1
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#4 MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#5 IRL¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	1
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#6 Load the Accumulator
force reset 	0
force loadac 	1
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns


#2  MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#3 IRU¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	1
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#4 MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#5 IRL¡ûMDR, increment PC
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	1
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	1
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns

#6 Load the Accumulator
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	1
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	0
force store_mem 0
run 100ns


#2  MAR¡ûPC, prep read cycle
force reset 	0
force loadac 	0
force loadpc 	0
force incr_pc	0
force load_iru 	0
force load_irl 	0
force fetch	1
force store_mem 0
run 100ns